---
title: Dreams Into Reality
date: 2019-07-18 11:14:00 Z
published: false
---

My name is Jonathan Hernandez, and I am a rising junior at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Before I got introduce to the Greenwood Project, like many minority college students, I did not know in which direction to go and how to approach my entry into the finance industry. Coming from a background where my family and friends are not in the finance industry, it made it very difficult to learn about the finance industry. Moreover, it made it impossible to land an internship. After hearing about the Greenwood Project from a friend at my university, I excitedly reached out to Bevon to learn more about the Greenwood Project. I was excited to join the Greenwood Project, so I made it a priority to make sure everything worked out. All I can say is that it was the best choice I’ve ever made in my life. Thanks to the Greenwood Project, I have been to learn about the finance industry and improved my financial literacy. Not only did the Greenwood Project introduce me to the finance industry, but they also allowed to experience it firsthand. Through the Greenwood Project, this summer I am interning at Oak Street Real Estate Capital, one of the largest private equity real estate firms, where I am creating financial models, offering memorandums, and learning how to develop client business relationships. Not only did Greenwood provide me with an amazing internship and guidance, but they also allowed to fly out to NYC and experience the finance industry all full throttle. Yes, the Greenwood Project has been a great experience in regards to the finance industry, but most importantly the Greenwood Project has provided the Greenwood scholars a support system. Knowing that I have a group of like-minded and supportive peers and mentors, has given me the ultimate confidence that my dreams can be a reality.