---
title: Erick Sicard
date: 2020-08-20 15:48:00 Z
---

My name is Javier Frausto, I am a rising junior at the University of Illinois Urbana Champaign majoring in Community Health on a Pre-Health track. On campus, I hold several leadership positions including the Web Chair of the Pre-Optometry Club and Service Chair of (UNICEF) which is the United Nations Children’s Fund. After undergrad, I will be continuing my education in optometry school. As a Greenwood Scholar, I am expanding my knowledge of the finance side of growing a business related to my career goals. This was my elevator pitch going into the summer.

This summer has taken a turn out of left field. All thanks to Covid-19. Who would’ve thought? Covid-19 has allowed me to join the Greenwood Project while also pursing my health professions internship as well. Before the internship even started, I participated in 80 hours of workshops that helped me develop my soft skills, financial literacy, stock market familiarity and other technical skills in preparation for my internship. Through the Greenwood Project I was able to build my social capital, networking with professionals from NASDAQ, Merrill Lynch, JPMorgan Chase, UBS, William Blair, Discover, Option Pit and many other companies. Notably hearing from John W. Rogers, the Chairman, CEO and CIO at Ariel Investments, Mandell Crawley, the Head of Private Wealth Management at Morgan Stanley and Chris Gardner, the CEO of Happyness, international best-seller author and award-winning producer. I collaborated with a team of 4 other interns on an investment analysis stock pitch competition on Shopify. I became familiar with the Bloomberg Terminal; I completed the Bloomberg Market Concepts certification and I’m in the progress of studying for the CFA Investment Foundations Exam and the SIE certification. Just recently, I accepted a financial literacy internship with TheStreet thanks to the help of Bevon Joseph, The Greenwood Project and Zev Fima from TheStreet. Alongside that, I’m even on a small business marketing initiative, helping small businesses in the southside of Chicago, better market themselves in the climate we’re living in today.

That being said, The Greenwood Project has been life changing. You truly can’t be what you can’t see. I’m keeping my options open and working in the finance industry seems more appealing as the days go on. I still want to become an optometrist at one point of my life, but 
at the same time, working as a Healthcare Equity Research Analyst or as a Fixed Income Analyst doesn’t sound too bad in my opinion.
